Welcome back.
In this video we're going to go over solutions to the rest and spread exercises.
The first exercise is to write a function called smallest value which accepts a variable number of arguments
and returns the smallest argument passed to the function.
Here we can use the rest operator to gather all of the arguments to the function.
This will return an array to us so if we try to use math that min on that array We'll get back not a
number.
So what we need to do is use the spread operator to spread out each of the values in the array passed
to this function for the next function plays in middle.
We need to accept an array and a list of values which will place in the middle of the array.
What we'll do is first figure out where the middle of the array is.
By doing math top floor and then taking the array length and dividing it by 2 in order to place values
in an array we can use the splice method and the first parameter space is the index that we start at
which will be our myd variable.
The second parameter to splice is how many values we remove which will be zero.
A third parameter is a comma separated list of values to add.
Since we need to add an array of values.
We're going to spread out these values as the third parameter to space and then return the array for
the next function join arrays.
We're going to be using the rest operator will assign a variable called RS and return the result of
reducing the arguments and concatenating each value with the next one will be in our accumulator with
an empty array and keep concatenating as many arrays as our pasts to this function.
Notice that we're using Herro functions to clean up this code for the next exercise some even ours.
We're going to use the rest operator again.
Here we're going to reduce and check and see if each next value is divisible by 2.
If it is we'll added to the accumulator.
Otherwise we'll just return the accumulated the next two exercises should look pretty familiar.
If you've completed them in the call apply and bind section.
The first thing we need to do is write a function called Phlip which accepts another function and a
value for the keyword.
This you are then going to gather the remaining arguments passed of this function using the rest operator
and then will return another function where we'll gather all of the arguments again using the rest.
Operator will then create a variable which will be the result of our outer arguments concatenated with
the inner arguments in order to make sure that we pass the correct amount of parameters we're going
to slice this entire array of arguments and go.
Up until just how many arguments are passed to the function that Phlip accepts to do that.
We'll use the lenth property on the function pass to flip.
Finally will return the result of that function with the correct value of the keyword.
This using apply and pass n as a second parameter.
All of our arguments reversed for the final exercise will be implementing a bind function which will
accept some other function and a value for the keyword.
This we're then going to gather the remaining arguments using the rest operator and return a function
where we'll gather the inner arguments as well.
Will then return the result of the function pass to bind.
Using apply and as the first parameter pass in our value for the keyword this and then an array of the
outer and inner arguments concatenated together and that's all for the rest and spread exercises.
These ones are tricky so be sure to try them again and let us know if you have any questions.
We're here to help.
See you in the next video.